Docs(graphql): Add note regarding schema migration (#241)
dgraph-io/dgraph-docs: content/graphql/dgraph/index.md

Be careful with mapping to an existing Dgraph instance. Updating the GraphQL schema will also update the underlying Dgraph schema. 
{{% /notice %}}

{{% notice "tip" %}}

> Check the [Schema Migration]({{< relref "graphql/schema/migration.md" >}}) article to learn more about common GraphQL and Dgraph schema migration scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about common GraphQL and Dgraph schema migration scenarios, see [Schema Migration]({{< relref "graphql/schema/migration.md" >}}).
```
